Fix API docs of module-java.arrays (#22560)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-lang: stdlib/java.arrays/src/main/ballerina/src/java.arrays/Module.md

This module provides APIs to create new Java array instances, get elements from arrays, set elements, etc. 

> For information on the operations, which you can perform with the java.arrays module, see the below **Functions**. For example on the usage of the operations, see [Java Arrays](https://ballerina.io/v1-2/learn/by-example/java-arrays.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with the java.arrays module, see the below **Functions**. For an example on the usage of the operations, see the [Java Arrays Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/java-arrays.html)
```

> For information on the operations, which you can perform with the java.arrays module, see the below **Functions**. For an example on the usage of the operations, see the [Java Arrays Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/java-arrays.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with the java.arrays module, see the below **Functions**. For an example on the usage of the operations, see the [Java Arrays Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/java-arrays.html)
```
```suggestion
For information on the operations, which you can perform with the java.arrays module, see the below **Functions**. For an example on the usage of the operations, see the [Java Arrays Example](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/java-arrays.html).
```
